hey guys back at the end I'm today
checking out a nearly immaculate 2005
Mercedes Benz SL 500
I don't know hoodie are you gonna fire
mercedes-benz this familiar 5 litre v8
engine now in this tune 302 horsepower
now this is a very well used engine
meaning they use this in virtually every
platform of the mercedes-benz models
especially the old five year very
dependable obviously that's one of the
reasons they've used it across the
entire platform line but this is
connected to the 7-speed automatic which
is routed to the rear wheels 7-speed
gave a huge bump in off-the-line
acceleration and also in fuel economy
because you have two extra ratios on top
of the 5-speed automatic but this really
is immaculate it's covered 35,000 miles
in its lifetime but you know for a black
pane car obviously this car has been
very well loved we'll take a look up
close in the rear with the top down
you'll actually find the hardtop still
right here now I know it probably looks
like it takes up the entire cargo area
but really when you hit this button here
it'll actually raise that up you can
move the luggage cover and you actually
have access to a decent amount of space
under here but really simple to use
obviously the full power folding hardtop
when the top is up you really have a
gigantic trunk because the top doesn't
take up any more room but really simple
to use
interior on the SL is virtually
immaculate obviously it's the
mercedes-benz it's all about comfort and
convenience so stepping in is really
simple dual power seats on both sides
and you do have active ventilation which
basically you've got a pulse function
here which is a small lower back lumbar
massage and then pneumatically
adjustable bolsters we've got a seat
bottom adjustments
you really can't not find the best
possible driving position for ultimate
comfort
but Tolton telescope steering wheel here
you got the wood rimmed optional wheel
but the layout in here it's spectacular
this car really is gorgeous
as a new model for the 2003 production
year the SL 500 was a dramatic styling
departure from its more conservative
predecessor in short the new SL 500 was
a home run with long waiting lists it
was a privilege just to get your hands
on one for some time a close look at
this 2005 SL and you'll see why
mercedes-benz has always emphasized
luxury over sport but this SL really
changed the game finishing a black clear
coat the exterior is in excellent
condition the black paint looks wet a
characteristic only found on a garage
kept in well loved
vehicle the SL 500 features a completely
automated folding hardtop which turns
this car from a fixed roof coupe into an
open-top roadster in seconds additional
features on the exterior include
bi-xenon headlamps and added 19-inch AMG
style wheels with Lorenza center caps
with lower ground clearance the active
suspension features an ABC sport mode
for more spirited driving and electronic
height adjustment to help clear taller
objects on the inside its luxury abound
active comfort seats are both heated and
ventilated and also feature
multi-contour adjustments as well as a
pulse function which replicates a lower
back massage it's very nice optional
wood steering wheel and shifter add to
the ambiance and the condition of the
Interior is spectacular right down to
the carpets standard equipment includes
the mercedes-benz command system with
navigation a bose sound system is paired
to a six disc CD changer an incredible
stereo for top-down motoring a pop-up
roll bar automatically provides
protection if the car senses a rollover
is imminent but it can be manually
raised or lowered as well dual zone
climate control is standard tuned to
function intelligently to both open or
close stop driving this car is an
exceptional condition and low my legs
and harder to find this black sl500
demonstrates an incredible value take a
close look at this SL 500 roadster at DM
auto sales calm